Added page for object lock tech preview (#402)
storj/docs: app/dcs/api/s3/object-lock/page.md

---
title: Object Lock (Tech Preview)
docId: gjrGzPNnhpYrAGTTAUaj
metadata:
  description: Detailed guide on the technical preview of object lock
  title: 'Object Lock (Tech Preview)'
---

## Summary

### Overview
Storj is currently developing S3 Compatible Object Lock. As part of that development, we have an early version of the API that can be used to test compatibility. Note that any testing will not be representative of real-world performance, and there is no value in testing anything outside the correctness of the implementation.

### FAQ
- **When will Object Lock be in Beta? When will it be fully released?**

> 	- We expect to begin an open beta of Object Lock sometime in July or August 2024.

Reviewer: Suggestion: use Q3CY24 rather than specific months July or August.

> 	- We expect to begin an open beta of Object Lock sometime in July or August 2024.

Author: ```suggestion
	- We expect to begin an open beta of Object Lock in Q3 of 2024.
```

> 	- We tentatively plan to add Governance Mode and Legal Hold to the beta sometime in Q4, with the goal of rolling out Object Lock fully by the end of the year.

Reviewer: Suggestion: use Q4CY24 rather than Q4

> 	- We tentatively plan to add Governance Mode and Legal Hold to the beta sometime in Q4, with the goal of rolling out Object Lock fully by the end of the year.

Author: ```suggestion
	- We tentatively plan to add Governance Mode and Legal Hold to the beta in Q3 of calendar year 2024, with the goal of rolling out Object Lock fully by the end of calendar year 2024.
```
